Use-case: Headless high-performance GPU rendering
-------------------------------------------------

Plugin system doesn't work with rendering sensors
GPU utlization ~10-15% when rendering 3 cameras 1280x720 w all targeting 30FPS but getting 20Hz max
35 minutes to compile from src
GZ-bridge inefficiencies (everything is a copy + extra buffering bcs of separate message typings)
	=> dedicating a new gz-bridge to a topic does not increase perfomance
Adding GZ message type is extremely complex
	=> you'd expect to add a .proto and build, I still don't know what's happening
	=> chances are, you already have exactly what you want in ROS!
SDF parsing is a self-serving fascism
	=> 15 edits to add an attribute & mapping, still producing warnings (from a different package)
	=> all this to then copy the value to sensor's attribute on load!! Simple XML parser would do it better

Using ROS-like philosophy, 100% used with ROS, yet it needs to be a separate project that introduces insane amount of complexity for no good reason.

CPU utilization and bottlenecks are a product if the unnecessary complexity, not high demands.
Leaves behind zombie processes when terminated.
Project hierarchy and versioning is a nightmare (add message definition => change SDF version => need to rebuild everything with the correct sdformat package version)
If you just want to add a plugin with custom message type and SDF attributes, you need to fork gz-msg and sdfortmat, add message coversion to ROS, add bindings for SDF parsing, chreate your own SDF version and build everything together
Visual bit mask doesn't work
Always on v. lazy
Separate launch system, although 100% launched with ROS
GUI should be more optinal and less expected.

Poor integration with the rendering engine -> Pick one for fuck's sake! -> tons of CPU work that shoudl be done on GPU
Logical camera unfinished, partially in the SDF Format but not instantiating and not reading obj poses.
BoundingBox Camera must be run on low res camera.

The SDF specs are wrong. link.kinematic doesn't work, inertia syntax is diferent.
WHY ARE THERE NO DEFAULTS AND INSTEAD THE PARSER REQUIRES ELEMENTS AND DEFAULT VALUES??

Commenting in the URDF/SDF breaks the parser.

The cameras, camera info and bb detections all have mismatching frames of reference

All cameras render on the same thread, then block it by synchronous processing. This means that desired FPS is never achieved.

Each camera seems to be calling the physics solver when rednering, as opposed to calling it only once per the rendering thread's update.
This means speed of the simulation depends on the amount of rendering.

Materials don't work for OBJ

Lazy subscriber in gz_bridge.yaml seems to break on unsubscribe (TextureGpuManager / GpuLidarSensor::Update)